BTC - 

In theory if you have atleast one bitcoin, the 5%+ or -5% for the month or more will allow you to have enough money in the market that the monthly movements should allow you to take 500 a month out or 6k a year. 

the idea is once you're at the levels of 100k+ your movements up will be able to withdraw small amounts 500-2000 every so often.


DEBT FREE SNOWBALL MONEY STRAT

The strategy.

Own around 100k in the bank is the start of freedom.


once you're debt free and have 100k in equity in the market. you start this.

your paycheck and money earned ALL go into the market. you are now living off profits alone. The idea is to have enough in the market, that.. the flux's each month the difference that its gone up a significant in the month you may take a small % being 500-2000 early on hopefully a month. you are always trying to get more money into this thats why this doesn't matter, scale out.

bitcoin/snp/crypto typically has % variations monthly atleast once. so the goal is to take a 5% when up each month then having money always being added to the market so you're working with profit funds rather then earned funds.


ABB - Paychecks forthwith are now. 50/50 split. what I mean,

75% goes into investments 15% goes into bank 10% goes into savings.


Step 1 :

-What may trigger you to trigger a take profit reaction. Market moves up significantly by a couple %. Make certain you want the % you see you only get one per month.

step 2 : 

hotdays are wed/Thursday/friday for movements on 4hr/1d frames good days for taking profits. you are more or less waiting for something to happen... then take profit. Always gotta keep in mind money is entering the market automatically so you're not looking for buy opportunity's really since its ABB. 

Asses the numbers in the market once a week try to only make choice on sundays to avoid emotion. Make a monthly decision you can make it at any time, however one sell off a month is all you can do. In meetings and overall makeup of market research during the week to make decision as you can only make one.


step 3 : 


move the funds into USDC when you make the decision to sell off a leg up, there you keep all the funds you may withdraw from this when needed from USDC thats your profits to be spent to make more money. when you make the decision please log for a diary for. 

Date-Reason-% movement-Chart Movement-Other notes


step 4 : 

make more money... the more money you get in the market. the more money you can take out once a month... keep expenses low and you will not feel very stressed at all when you see the money rolling...
Lean into business. Start small. Tires. 100 may not seem like a lot but now you do legwork/keep trying other stuff in downtime.
